feat: adding loan qualification checker (#55955)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-loan-qualification-checker/66c8ba975ee7230e29f6c4b2.md

---
id: 66c8ba975ee7230e29f6c4b2
title: Step 7
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-7
---

# --description--

> Now that you're done with the `getLoanMessage` function, you should test it out against some `annualIncome` and `creditScore` instances. Remember those are the parameters the function takes.

Reviewer: I would simplify this 

```suggestion
Now, it is time to test out your `getLoanMessage` function.
```

> Use the table below to create 4 variables and their values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the table below to create `4` variables and their values:
```

| Variable Name | Value   |
| ----------- | ------- |
| `duplexLoanMsg`       | `getLoanMessage(85000, 850)` |
| `condoLoanMsg`   | `getLoanMessage(65000, 690)`   |
| `carLoanMsg`   | `getLoanMessage(45000, 660)`   |
| `noLoanMsg`   | `getLoanMessage(25000, 550)`   |

After that, log each variable to the console to see the messages.

> With that, your loan qualification checker project is completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With that, your loan qualification checker project is complete!
```

# --hints--

> You should create a `duplexLoanMsg` variable set to `getLoanMessage(85000, 850)`.
> 
> ```js
> assert.match(code, /(const|let|var)\s+duplexLoanMsg\s*=\s*getLoanMessage\(85000,\s*850\)/);
> ```

Reviewer: we don't need a regex here.
we should use the built in assert methods instead

````suggestion
You should have a variable called `duplexLoanMsg`.

```js
assert.isNotNull(duplexLoanMsg);
```

Your `duplexLoanMsg` variable should be set to the result of `getLoanMessage(85000, 850)`.

```js
assert.equal(duplexLoanMsg, getLoanMessage(85000, 850));
```
````

You should log the `duplexLoanMsg` variable to the console.

```js
assert.match(code, /console\.log\(duplexLoanMsg\)/)
```

> You should create a `condoLoanMsg` variable set to `getLoanMessage(65000, 690)`.
> 
> ```js
> assert.match(code, /(const|let|var)\s+condoLoanMsg\s*=\s*getLoanMessage\(65000,\s*690\)/);
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
You should have a variable called `condoLoanMsg`.

```js
assert.isNotNull(condoLoanMsg);
```

Your `condoLoanMsg` variable should be set to the result of `getLoanMessage(65000, 690)`.

```js
assert.equal(condoLoanMsg, getLoanMessage(65000, 690));
```
````

You should log the `condoLoanMsg` variable to the console.

```js
assert.match(code, /console\.log\(condoLoanMsg\)/)
```

> You should create a `carLoanMsg` variable set to `getLoanMessage(45000, 660)`.
> 
> ```js
> assert.match(code, /(const|let|var)\s+carLoanMsg\s*=\s*getLoanMessage\(45000,\s*660\)/);
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
You should have a variable called `carLoanMsg`.

```js
assert.isNotNull(carLoanMsg);
```

Your `carLoanMsg` variable should be set to the result of `getLoanMessage(45000, 660)`.

```js
assert.equal(carLoanMsg, getLoanMessage(45000, 660));
```
````

You should log the `carLoanMsg` variable to the console.

```js
assert.match(code, /console\.log\(carLoanMsg\)/)
```

> You should create a `noLoanMsg` variable set to `getLoanMessage(25000, 550)`.
> 
> ```js
> assert.match(code, /(const|let|var)\s+noLoanMsg\s*=\s*getLoanMessage\(25000,\s*550\)/);
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
You should have a variable called `noLoanMsg`.

```js
assert.isNotNull(noLoanMsg);
```

Your `noLoanMsg` variable should be set to the result of `getLoanMessage(25000, 550)`.

```js
assert.equal(noLoanMsg, getLoanMessage(25000, 550));
```
````
